poc: integrate KeptnMetrics into Flagger analysis (#3371)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: examples/flagger/README.md

# PoC: Integration with Flagger

This example shows a integration of Keptn Metrics
into a Flagger Canary.
In this example, we are making use of the Prometheus endpoint provided
by Keptn (i.e. the metrics-operator), which serves the values of all `KeptnMetrics`.

> This way, we are able to use a Flagger `MetricTemplate` of type `prometheus`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables us to use a Flagger `MetricTemplate` of type `prometheus`,
```

> which retrieves the value from a Prometheus instance that has access to the `KeptnMetrics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which retrieves the value from a Prometheus instance that has access to the `KeptnMetrics` resource.
```

The example is based on the [Istio Canary Deployments tutorial](https://docs.flagger.app/tutorials/istio-progressive-delivery)
provided in the Flagger docs.

> The difference to the tutorial is that instead of using the `request-duration` duration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference from the tutorial is that, instead of using the `request-duration` duration
```
